-----BEGIN PRIVACY-ENHANCED MESSAGE-----
Proc-Type: 2001,MIC-CLEAR
Originator-Name: keymaster@town.hall.org
Originator-Key-Asymmetric:
 MFkwCgYEVQgBAQICAgADSwAwSAJBALeWW4xDV4i7+b6+UyPn5RtObb1cJ7VkACDq
 pKb9/DClgTKIm08lCfoilvi9Wl4SODbR1+1waHhiGmeZO8OdgLUCAwEAAQ==
MIC-Info: RSA-MD5,RSA,
 lspE9d8mAHQDeZexmd6Vc1TfsHJ80VLY/meP4NU+FillUn3gi1VjaLhv5RVag8OL
 w5PbeMrbnVDABVKI9yPH0Q==

<IMS-DOCUMENT>0000104169-95-000004.txt : 19950428
<IMS-HEADER>0000104169-95-000004.hdr.sgml : 19950428
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000104169-95-000004
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		5
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	19950131
FILED AS OF DATE:		19950427
SROS:			NYSE
SROS:			PSE

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			WAL MART STORES INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000104169
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	RETAIL-VARIETY STORES [5331]
		IRS NUMBER:				710415188
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0131

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-06991
		FILM NUMBER:		95531801

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		702 SOUTHWEST 8TH ST
		CITY:			BENTONVILLE
		STATE:			AR
		ZIP:			72716
		BUSINESS PHONE:		5012734000

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		702 SOUTHWEST 8TH STREET
		CITY:			BENTONVILLE
		STATE:			AR
		ZIP:			72716
</IMS-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>10-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<TEXT>

                                 FORM 10-K
                    SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
                          Washington, D.C.  20549

[X]Annual report pursuant to section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities
   Exchange Act of 1934 for the fiscal year ended January 31, 1995, or
[ ]Transition report pursuant to section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities
   Exchange Act of 1934 for the transition period from ______to______
Commission file number 1-6991.

                          WAL-MART STORES, INC.
         (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

             Delaware                             71-0415188
 (State of other jurisdiction of                (IRS Employer
  incorporation or organization)              Identification No.)

       Bentonville, Arkansas                         72716
(Address of principal executive offices)           (Zip Code)

Registrant's telephone number, including area code:  (501) 273-4000

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

                                              Name of each exchange
         Title of each class                   on which registered

    Common Stock, par value $.10              New York Stock Exchange
     per share                                Pacific Stock Exchange

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act:  None

     Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all
reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter
period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has
been subject to such filing requirements for at least the past 90 days.
Yes __X__  No _____

     Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to
Item 405 of Regulation S-K is not contained herein, and will not be 
contained, to the best of registrant's knowledge, in definitive proxy or
information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form
10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K.  [ ]

   The aggregate market value of the voting stock held by non-affiliates
of the registrant, based on the closing price of these shares on the New
York Stock Exchange on March 31, 1995, was $36,044,647,699.  For the
purposes of this disclosure only, the registrant has assumed that its
directors, executive officers, and beneficial owners of 5% or more of the
registrant's common stock are the affiliates of the Registrant.

     The registrant has 2,297,580,232 shares of Common Stock outstanding as
of March 31, 1995.


                  DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE

     Portions of the Registrant's Annual Report to Shareholders for the 
fiscal year ended January 31, 1995, are incorporated by reference into Part
II of this Form 10-K.

     Portions of the Registrant's Proxy Statement for the Annual Meeting of
Shareholdes to be held June 2, 1995, are incorporated by reference into
Part III of this Form 10-K.


                           WAL-MART STORES, INC.

                          FORM 10-K ANNUAL REPORT

                    FOR THE YEAR ENDED JANUARY 31, 1995

                                  PART I

ITEM 1.  BUSINESS

          (a)  General Development of Business

               Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. (together with its subsidiaries 
hereinafter referred to as the "Company") has become America's largest 
retailer and during the fiscal year ended January 31, 1995, had net sales 
of $82,494,000,000.  The Company serves customers domestically and in 
Puerto Rico primarily through the operation of Wal-Mart stores (discount 
department stores), Sam's Clubs (warehouse membership clubs), and Wal-Mart 
Supercenters (a combination full-line supermarket and discount department 
store).  As of January 31, 1995, the Company operated 1,990 Wal-Mart 
stores, 428 Sam's Clubs, and 143 Wal-Mart Supercenters.  A table 
summarizing information concerning Wal-Mart stores, Sam's Clubs, Wal-Mart 
Supercenters, and other stores operated since January 31, 1990 is set forth 
in Schedule A to Item I found on page 9 of this annual report.

               In fiscal 1992, the Company entered into a joint venture, in 
which it has 50% interest, with CIFRA, Mexico's largest retailer, to 
develop and expand retailing services in Mexico.  At January 31, 1995, the 
joint venture operated 22 warehouse clubs, 23 discount stores, four 
combination stores, three supermarkets, four specialty department stores, 
29 restaurants, and 11 Wal-Mart Supercenters.  

               In March 1994, the Company completed the acquisition of 122 
Woolco department stores located in Canada from Woolworth Canada, Inc., a 
subsidiary of Woolworth Corporation.  The acquisition included all 
inventory, leasehold interests and other assets at each location.  At 
January 31, 1995, the Company operated 123 Canadian Wal-Mart stores.

               In fiscal 1995, the Company entered into a joint venture in 
which it has a 50% interest with Ek Chor Distribution System Co., Ltd., 
a subsidiary of C.P. Pokphand Co. Ltd. of the Charoen Pokphand Group, to 
develop and operate warehouse clubs and Supercenters in Hong Kong and the 
People's Republic of China.  At January 31, 1995, the joint venture operated 
three warehouse clubs in Hong Kong.

               In fiscal 1995, the Company entered into a joint venture 
in which it has a 60% interest with Lojas Americanas, a leading retailer 
in Brazil, to develop and operate Supercenters and warehouse clubs in 
Brazil.  Also during fiscal 1995, the Company announced plans to operate 
wholly-owned Supercenters and warehouse clubs in Argentina.  At January 
31, 1995 there were no operations in Argentina or Brazil.   The entry 
into these markets will not have a significant impact on the Company's 
operations or financial position in fiscal 1996.

               
          (b)  Financial Information About Industry Segments

               Sales of merchandise through stores which include Wal-Mart 
stores, Sam's Clubs, and Wal-Mart Supercenters, is the only significant 
industry segment of which the Company is a part.  Reference is made to the 
financial information incorporated by reference in this report for the 
financial results of the Company's operations.


          (c)  Narrative Description of Business

          The Company, a Delaware corporation, has its principal offices in 
Bentonville, Arkansas.  Although the Company was incorporated in October 
1969, the businesses conducted by its predecessors began in 1945 when Sam 
M. Walton opened a franchise Ben Franklin variety store in Newport, 
Arkansas.  In 1946, his brother, James L. Walton, opened a similar store in 
Versailles, Missouri.  Until 1962, the Company's business was devoted 
entirely to the operation of variety stores.  In that year, the first 
Wal-Mart Discount City (referred to herein as "Wal-Mart store") was opened.  
In fiscal 1984, the Company opened its first three Sam's Clubs, and in 
fiscal 1989, its first Wal-Mart Supercenter.  Through the years, the 
Company has made certain strategic acquisitions that have supported the 
growth of the Wal-Mart stores, clubs and Supercenters, such as the 
acquisition of ten full service and four specialty distribution centers 
through the purchase of McLane Company, Inc., which sells and distributes 
merchandise to the convenience store industry and a variety of other 
retailers, the acquisition of selected assets of Pace Membership Warehouse, 
Inc., and the acquisition of selected assets related to 122 Woolco stores 
in Canada from Woolworth Canada, Inc., a subsidiary of Woolworth 
Corporation.


          General.  The Company operates Wal-Mart stores in 49 states and 
Puerto Rico.  The average size of a Wal-Mart store is approximately 87,600 
square feet, and store sizes generally range between 30,000 and 150,000 
square feet of building area.  The Company operates Wal-Mart Supercenter 
stores in 19 states and the average size of a Supercenter store is 181,000 
square feet.

          The Company operates Sam's Clubs in 48 states and Puerto Rico.  
The average size of a Sam's Club is approximately 121,000 square feet, and 
club sizes generally range between 90,000 and 150,000 square feet of 
building area.  

          During the last fiscal year, no single location accounted for as 
much as 1% of sales or net income.


          Merchandise.  Wal-Mart stores are generally organized with 40 
departments and offer a wide variety of merchandise, including apparel for 
women, girls, men, boys, and infants.  Each store also carries curtains, 
fabrics and notions, shoes, housewares, hardware, electronics, home 
furnishings, small appliances, automotive accessories, garden equipment and 
supplies, sporting goods, toys, cameras and supplies, health and beauty 
aids, pharmaceuticals, and jewelry.

          Nationally advertised merchandise accounts for a majority of 
sales of the stores.  The Company markets lines of merchandise under the 
store brands "Sam's American Choice", "Great Value", "House Beautiful", 
"Sports Afield", "Ol' Roy", "Equate", "Popular Mechanics", and "Better 
Homes & Gardens".  

          During the fiscal year ended January 31, 1995, domestic sales of 
general merchandise at Wal-Mart stores (which are subject to seasonal 
variance), including licensed departments, by product category were as 
follows:

                                                  PERCENTAGE
          CATEGORY                                 OF SALES 

          Softgoods/domestics.................       26%
          Hardgoods............................      24            
          Stationery and candy.................      11
          Records and electronics..............      10 
          Pharmaceuticals......................       9
          Sporting goods and toys..............       9
          Health and beauty aids...............       7
          Shoes................................       2
          Jewelry..............................       2 
                                                    100%
                                                        

          Sales in pharmaceuticals are a combination of owned and licensed 
departments.  While these percentages include sales of licensed 
departments, the Company records as other income only rentals received from 
such departments.

          Sam's offers bulk displays of name brand hardgood merchandise, 
some softgoods, and institutional size grocery items.  Each Sam's also 
carries jewelry, sporting goods, toys, tires, stationery, and books.  
Most clubs have fresh food departments which include bakery, meat, and 
produce. 

          McLane offers a wide variety of grocery and non-grocery products, 
including perishable and non-perishable items.  The non-grocery products 
consist primarily of tobacco products, hardgood merchandise, health and 
beauty aids, toys, and stationery.  McLane is a wholesale distributor that 
sells its merchandise to a variety of retailers, including the Company's 
Wal-Mart stores, Supercenters, and Sam's Clubs.

          Operations.  Except for extended hours during certain holiday 
seasons, the majority of the Wal-Mart stores are open from 9:00 a.m. to 
9:00 p.m. six (6) days a week, and from 12:30 p.m. to 5:30 p.m. on Sundays, 
with the remainder of the stores being closed on Sunday.  Some Wal-Mart 
stores and most of the Supercenter stores are currently open 24 hours each 
day.  Wal-Mart stores maintain uniform prices, except where lower prices 
are necessary to meet local competition.  Sales are primarily on a 
self-service, cash-and-carry basis with the objective of maximizing sales 
volume and inventory turnover while minimizing expenses.  Bank credit card 
programs, operated without recourse to the Company, are available in all 
stores.  Wal-Mart stores and Supercenters maintain a "satisfaction 
guaranteed" program to promote customer goodwill and acceptance.

          Sam's clubs are membership only, cash-and-carry operations.  
However, a financial service credit card program (Discover Card) is 
available in all clubs and the "Sam's Direct" commercial finance program is 
available to qualifying business members.  Club members include businesses 
and those individuals who are members of certain qualifying organizations, 
such as government and state employees and credit union members.  Both 
business and individual members have an annual membership fee of $25 for 
the primary membership card.   

          Operating hours vary among Sam's clubs, but generally, they are 
open Monday through Friday from 10:00 a.m. to 8:30 p.m.  Most Sam's are 
open weekend hours of 9:30 a.m. to 7:00 p.m. on Saturday and 12:00 noon to 
6:00 p.m. on Sunday.  Sam's, which offers a limited number of items, 
attempts to maximize sales volume and inventory turnover and to minimize 
expenses.


          Distribution.  During the 1995 fiscal year, approximately 84% of 
the Wal-Mart stores' and Supercenters' purchases were shipped from 
Wal-Mart's 30 distribution centers, six located in Arkansas; four in Texas; 
two in California, Indiana, Pennsylvania, and South Carolina; and one each 
in Alabama, Arizona, Colorado, Florida, Georgia, Iowa, Mississippi, New 
York, Ohio, Utah, Virginia, and Wisconsin.  The balance was shipped 
directly to the stores from suppliers.  Each of the distribution centers is 
designed to serve the distribution needs of approximately 150 stores.  The 
average size of these distribution centers is approximately 1,000,000 
square feet.  Sam's Clubs receive the majority of their merchandise via 
direct shipments from suppliers, rather than from the Company's 
distribution centers.

          The McLane distribution centers buy, sell, and distribute 
merchandise primarily to the convenience store industry, and they also 
service Wal-Mart stores, Supercenters and Sam's Clubs.  The McLane Company 
has 20 distribution centers with three located in Texas, two located in 
Arizona, California, Utah, and Virginia, and one each in Colorado, Florida, 
Georgia, Illinois, Mississippi, Missouri, New York, Washington, and Mexico.  


          Merchandising.  Substantially all purchasing and merchandising 
for all stores is controlled from the home offices of the Company through 
centralized buying and planning practices.  During the fiscal year 1995, no 
single supplier to the stores accounted for more than 3.7% of the Company's 
purchases.                                       


          Store Management.  Every retail outlet is managed by a store 
manager or club general manager and one or more assistant store or club 
managers.  The Company maintains training programs for managers, assistant 
managers and department managers.  The Company is committed to an ongoing 
training program in an effort to assure well trained future store 
management.


          Expansion Plans.  In fiscal 1996, the Company plans to open 90 to 
100 new Wal-Mart stores, nine new Sam's Clubs, and 12 new Wal-Mart 
Supercenters.  The Company plans to expand or relocate approximately 70 
older Wal-Mart stores and four Sam's Clubs along with the conversion of 
approximately 80 to 85 older Wal-Mart stores into Wal-Mart Supercenters.  
Also planned is the construction of three full-line distribution centers.  
The Company plans to continue to develop its interests in Hong Kong, China, 
Argentina, Brazil, and Canada with the planned addition of approximately 20 
to 25 new units.  The Company expenses its start-up costs for each new 
unit during the first full month of operation.  Delays may be experienced 
in projected opening dates because of construction problems, weather and 
other reasons.  There can be no assurance that planned expansion will 
proceed as scheduled.


          Seasonal Aspects of Operations.  The Company's business is 
seasonal to a certain extent.  Generally, the highest volume of sales and 
net income occurs in the fourth fiscal quarter and the lowest volume occurs 
during the first fiscal quarter.


          Competition.  The Company's Wal-Mart stores compete with other 
discount, department, drug, variety, and specialty stores, many of which 
are national chains.  Sam's Clubs compete with wholesale clubs, as well as 
with discount retailers, wholesale grocers, and general merchandise 
wholesalers and distributors.  The Wal-Mart Supercenters compete with other 
supercenter type stores, discount stores, supermarkets, and specialty 
stores, many of which are national or regional chains.  The Company also 
competes for new store sites.  As of January 31, 1995, based on net sales, 
the Company ranked first among all retail department store chains and among 
all discount department store chains.

          The Company's competitive position within the industry is largely 
determined by the Company's ability to offer value and service to its 
customers.  The Company has many programs designed to meet the competitive 
needs of its industry.  These include the "Everyday Low Price", "Item 
Merchandising", "Store-within-a-Store", "Our Business is Saving Your 
Business Money", and "Buy America" programs.  Although the Company believes 
it has had a major influence in most of the retail markets in which its 
stores are located, there is no assurance that this will continue.


          Employees (Associates).  As of January 31, 1995, the Company had 
approximately 622,000 full- and part-time associates, an increase of 
approximately 94,000 associates for the year.  Part-time associates are 
primarily sales personnel.  Associates who are in supervisory and 
management positions are compensated on a salaried basis; store managers 
and club general managers receive additional compensation based on their 
unit's profits.  All other store associates are compensated on an hourly 
basis with the opportunity of receiving additional incentive bonuses based 
upon the Company's productivity and profitability.

          The Company maintains profit sharing plans under which most full- 
and many part-time associates become participants following one year of 
employment with the Company.  Annual contributions, based on the 
profitability of the Company, are made at the sole discretion of the 
Company.  For the fiscal years ended January 31, 1990 through 1995, 
contributions of approximately $90,000,000, $98,000,000, $130,000,000, 
$166,000,000, $166,000,000, and $175,000,000, respectively, have been made.

          The Company also offers an associate stock ownership plan that 
provides for the voluntary purchase of the Company's common stock, with a 
15% match by the Company on up to $1,800 of annual stock purchases.  The 
Company also has stock option plans that provide certain management 
associates an opportunity to share in the long-term success of the Company.  
At January 31, 1995, there were approximately 5,000 management associates 
who had been granted stock options by the Company.

<TABLE>
                                 WAL-MART STORES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
             SCHEDULE A TO ITEM 1 - UNITED STATES STORE COUNT AND NET SQUARE FOOTAGE GROWTH
                                YEARS ENDED JANUARY 31, 1990 THROUGH 1995
<CAPTION>
STORE COUNT

Fiscal Year                                                                 Wal-Mart                Total**        
  Ended                 Wal-Mart Stores                Sam's Clubs         Supercenters    Beginning                 Ending
January 31,    Opened  Closed  Relocated* Total   Opened  Closed  Total   Opened  Total     Balance  Opened  Closed  Balance
   <S>          <C>       <C>    <C>      <C>       <C>      <C>   <C>      <C>     <C>     <C>        <C>     <C>   <C>
       Balance Forward                    1,257                    105               2                               1,364
   1990         145       2        1      1,399     18       0     123       1       3      1,364      163     2     1,525
   1991         176       5        2      1,568     25       0     148       2       5      1,525      201     5     1,721
   1992         148       1        1      1,714     61       1     208       1       6      1,721      209     2     1,928
   1993         161       1       24      1,850     48       0     256      24      30      1,928      209     1     2,136
   1994         142       2       37      1,953    164       1     419      38      68      2,136      307     3     2,440
   1995         111       5       69      1,990     22      13     428      75     143      2,440      139    18     2,561
</TABLE>
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
NET SQUARE FOOTAGE

Fiscal Year                                                                                                               
 Ended        Wal-Mart Stores           Sam's Clubs          Wal-Mart Supercenters             Total              Sales Per
Jan 31,   Net Additions   Total    Net Additions  Total    Net Additions    Total   Net Additions     Sq.Ft.      Sq. Ft.***
   <S>     <C>         <C>           <C>        <C>         <C>          <C>          <C>          <C>            <C> 
 Balance Forward        79,766,689              11,053,456                  210,493                 91,030,638    $251.67
   1990    12,881,367   92,648,056   2,010,716  13,064,172     183,492      393,985   15,075,575   106,106,213     272.75
   1991    17,737,917  110,385,973   2,874,918  15,939,090     423,255      817,240   21,036,090   127,142,303     292.40
   1992    17,729,395  128,115,368   7,320,510  23,259,600     180,545      997,785   25,230,450   152,372,753     306.33
   1993    19,480,707  147,596,075   7,444,530  30,704,130   4,037,493    5,035,278   30,962,730   183,335,483     319.52
   1994    16,312,500  163,908,575  19,882,754  50,586,884   6,762,080   11,797,358   42,957,334   226,292,817     300.33
   1995    10,372,791  174,281,366   1,370,074  51,956,958  14,056,859   25,854,217   25,799,724   252,092,541     300.80
</TABLE>
[FN]
<F1>
*   Wal-Mart Stores locations relocated or expanded as Wal-Mart Supercenters.
<F2>
**  The Company also operated 75 Bud's Warehouse Outlets, 10 Food-4-Less stores,
    and four Hypermart*USA stores at January 31, 1995.
<F3>
*** Includes only stores and clubs that were open at least twelve months as of 
    January 31 of the previous year.


ITEM 2.  PROPERTIES

          The number and location of Wal-Mart stores, Supercenters, and 
Sam's Clubs is incorporated by reference of the table under the caption 
"Operating Units" of Page 2 of the Annual Report to Shareholders for the 
year ended January 31, 1995.

          The Company leases most of the buildings in which its present 
stores are located.  These stores are either leased from a commercial 
property developer, leased pursuant to a sale/leaseback arrangement, or 
leased from a local governmental entity through an industrial revenue bond 
transaction.  All of the Company's leases for its stores provide for fixed 
annual rentals and, in many cases, the leases provide for additional rent 
based on sales volume.

          The Company owns 911 properties on which Wal-Mart stores and 
Supercenters are located and 249 of the properties on which Sam's are 
located.  In some cases, the Company owns the land associated with leased 
buildings.  New buildings, both leased and owned, are constructed by 
independent contractors.

          The Company operated 30 Wal-Mart distribution facilities and 20 
McLane distribution facilities at January 31, 1995.  These distribution 
facilities are primarily owned by the Company, and several are subject to 
mortgage securing loans.  Some of the distribution facilities are leased 
under industrial development bond financing arrangements and provide the 
option of purchasing these facilities at the end of the lease term for 
nominal amounts.  

          The Company owns office facilities in Bentonville, Arkansas that 
serve as the home office and owns additional office facilities in Temple, 
Texas.



ITEM 3.   LEGAL PROCEEDINGS

          The Company is not a party to any material pending legal 
proceedings and no properties of the Company are subject to any material 
pending legal proceeding, other than routine litigation incidental to its 
business.



ITEM 4.   SUBMISSION OF MATTERS TO A VOTE OF SECURITY HOLDERS

          No matters were submitted to a vote of the Company's security 
holders during the last quarter of the year ended January 31, 1995.

ITEM 4A.  EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF THE REGISTRANT

          The following information is furnished with respect to each of 
the executive officers of the Company, each of whom is elected by and 
serves at the pleasure of the Board of Directors.  The business experience 
shown for each officer has been his principal occupation for at least the 
past five years.

                                                          Current
                                                          Position
    Name               Business Experience               Held Since   Age

David D. Glass         President and Chief Executive        1988       59
                       Officer.  


S. Robson Walton       Chairman.  From 1985 until his       1992       50
                       election as Chairman in 1992,
                       he served as Vice Chairman.


Donald G. Soderquist   Vice Chairman and Chief Operating    1988       61
                       Officer.  


Paul R. Carter         Executive Vice President and         1988       54
                       Chief Financial Officer. 


William R. Fields      Executive Vice President -           1992       45
                       Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. and 
                       President and Chief Executive
                       Officer of Wal-Mart Stores
                       Division.  Prior to 1992, he 
                       served as Executive Vice 
                       President - Merchandise and 
                       Sales.


Dean L. Sanders        Executive Vice President -           1992       44
                       Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. and 
                       President and Chief Executive 
                       Officer of Sam's Club Division.  
                       Prior to 1992, he served as 
                       Executive Vice President - 
                       Operations.  


Nicholas J. White      Executive Vice President -           1989       50
                       Wal-Mart Supercenter Division.
                       Prior to 1989, he served as
                       Executive Vice President - 
                       Sam's Wholesale Club.  


Joseph S. Hardin, Jr.  Executive Vice President -           1995       49
                       Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. and Chief 
                       Operating Officer of Wal-Mart 
                       Stores Division.  Prior to 1995,
                       he served as President and Chief 
                       Executive Officer of McLane
                       Company, Inc.  Prior to 1993, 
                       he served as Executive Vice 
                       President - Logistics and Personnel 
                       Administration.  Prior to 1992, 
                       he held the position of Senior 
                       Vice President - Distribution and 
                       Transportation.  


Bob L. Martin          Executive Vice President -           1993       46
                       Wal-Mart Stores, Inc., and
                       President and Chief Executive 
                       Officer of Wal-Mart International 
                       Division.  Prior to 1993, he 
                       served as Executive Vice President - 
                       Corporate Information Systems.  
                       Prior to 1992, he served the 
                       Company as Senior Vice President - 
                       Information Systems.  


H. Lee Scott, Jr.      Executive Vice President -           1995       46
                       Logistics.  Prior to 1995, he
                       served as Senior Vice President -
                       Logistics.  Prior to 1992, he
                       served as Vice President -
                       Distribution.


Thomas P. Seay         Executive Vice President -           1992       53
                       Real Estate and Construction.
                       Prior to 1992, he served  as 
                       Senior Vice President - Real 
                       Estate and Construction.


Robert K. Rhoads       Senior Vice President, Secretary     1992       40
                       and General Counsel.  Prior to 
                       1992, he served as Vice President, 
                       Secretary and General Counsel.  


William G. Rosier      President and Chief Executive        1995       46
                       Officer of McLane Company, Inc.
                       Prior to 1995, he served as Senior
                       Vice President - Marketing and
                       Customer Services for McLane.  
                       Prior to 1991, he served as Senior
                       Vice President - Purchasing and 
                       Distribution for McLane.  Prior to
                       1990, he served as Vice President -
                       Eastern Region for McLane.

James A. Walker, Jr.   Senior Vice President and            1995       48
                       Controller.  Prior to 1995, he 
                       served as Vice President and
                       Controller


                                   PART II

ITEM 5.   MARKET FOR THE REGISTRANT'S COMMON EQUITY
          AND RELATED SHAREHOLDER MATTERS

          The information required by this item is incorporated by 
reference of the information "Number of Shareholders" under the caption "11 
Year Financial Summary" on Pages 12, and 13, and all the information under 
the captions "Market Price of Common Stock" and "Dividends Paid Per Share" 
on page 27 of the Annual Report to Shareholders for the year ended January 
31, 1995.

ITEM 6.   SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA

          The information required by this item is incorporated by 
reference of all information under the caption "11 Year Financial Summary" 
on Pages 12 and 13 of the Annual Report to Shareholders for the year ended 
January 31, 1995.

ITEM 7.   MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL
          CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS

          The information required by this item is furnished by 
incorporation by reference of all information under the caption 
"Management's Discussion and Analysis" on Pages 14, 15, and 16 on the 
Annual Report to Shareholders for the year ended January 31, 1995.

ITEM 8.   FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA

          The information required by this item is furnished by 
incorporation by reference of all information under the captions 
"Consolidated Statements of Income", "Consolidated Balance Sheets", 
"Consolidated Statements of Shareholders' Equity", "Consolidated Statements 
of Cash Flows", and "Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements" on Pages 
17 through 25 of the Annual Report to Shareholders for the year ended 
January 31, 1995.

ITEM 9.   CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING
          AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE

          None.


                                  PART III

ITEM 10.  DIRECTORS AND EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF THE REGISTRANT

Information required by this item with respect to the Company's directors 
and compliance by the Company's directors, executive officers and certain 
beneficial owners of the Company's Common Stock with Section 16(a) of the 
Securities Exchange Act of 1934 is furnished by incorporation by reference 
of all information under the captions entitled "Election of Directors" and 
"Compliance with Section 16(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934" in 
the Company's Proxy Statement for its Annual Meeting of the Shareholders to 
be held on June 2, 1995.  The information required by this item with 
respect to the Company's executive officers appears at Item 4A of Part I of 
this Form 10K.

ITEM 11.  EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION

          The information required by this item is furnished by 
incorporation by reference of all information under the caption entitled 
"Executive Compensation" in the Company's Proxy Statement.  

ITEM 12.  SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS
          AND MANAGEMENT

          The information required by this item is furnished by 
incorporation by reference of all information under the caption "Equity 
Securities and Principal Holders Thereof" in the Company's Proxy Statement.

ITEM 13.  CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS

          The information required by this item is furnished by 
incorporation by reference of all information under the caption "Interest 
of Management in Certain Transactions" in the Company's Proxy Statement.


                                  PART IV

ITEM 14.  EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES, AND REPORTS
          ON FORM 8-K
(a)
       1. & 2. Consolidated Financial Statements and Schedules

          The financial statements listed in the Index to Consolidated 
Financial Statements and Schedules, which appears on Page 18, are 
incorporated by reference herein or filed as part of this Form 10-K.

       3. Exhibits

          The following documents are filed as exhibits to this Form 10-K:

          3(a)  Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Company is 
                incorporated herein by reference from the Annual Report on 
                Form 10-K of the Company for the year ended January 31, 
                1989, and the Certificate of Amendment to the Restated 
                Certificate of Incorporation is incorporated herein by 
                reference to Registration Statement on Form S-8 (File 
                Number 33-43315).

          3(b)  By-Laws of the Company, as amended June 3, 1993, are 
                incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3(b) to the 
                Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended 
                January 31, 1994.

          4(a)  Form of Indenture dated as of June 1, 1985 between the 
                Company and Boatmen's Trust Company (formerly Centerre 
                Trust Company) of St. Louis, Trustee, is incorporated 
                herein by reference to Exhibit 4(c) to Registration 
                Statement on Form S-3 (File Number 2-97917).

          4(b)  Form of Indenture dated as of August 1, 1985 between the 
                Company and Boatmen's Trust Company (formerly Centerre 
                Trust Company) of St. Louis, Trustee, is incorporated 
                herein by reference to Exhibit 4(c) to Registration 
                Statement on Form S-3 (File Number 2-99162).

          4(c)  Form of Indenture dated as of August 15, 1985 between the 
                Company and Bankers Trust Company, Trustee, is incorporated 
                herein by reference to Exhibit 4(b) to Registration 
                Statement on Form S-3 (File Number 2-99485).

          4(d)  Form of Amended and Restated Indenture, Mortgage and Deed 
                of Trust, Assignment of Rents and Security Agreement dated 
                as of December 1, 1986, among the First National Bank of 
                Boston and James E. Mogavero, Owner Trustees, Rewal 
                Corporation I, Estate for Years Holder, Rewal Corporation 
                II, Remainderman, the Company and the First National Bank 
                of Chicago and R.D. Manella, Indenture Trustees, is 
                incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4(b) to 
                Registration Statement on Form S-3 (File Number 33-11394).

          4(e)  Form of Indenture dated as of July 15, 1990 between the 
                Company and Harris Trust and Savings Bank, Trustee, is 
                incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4(b) to 
                Registration Statement on Form S-3 (File Number 33-35710).

          4(f)  Indenture dated as of April 1, 1991, between the Company 
                and The First National Bank of Chicago, Trustee, is 
                incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4(a) to 
                Registration Statement on Form S-3 (File Number 33-51344).

          4(g)  First Supplemental Indenture dated as of September 9, 1992, 
                to the Indenture dated as of April 1, 1991, between the 
                Company and The First National Bank of Chicago, Trustee, is 
                incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4(b) to 
                Registration Statement on Form S-3 (File Number 33-51344).

        +10(a)  Form of individual deferred compensation agreements is 
                incorporated herein by reference from the Annual Report on 
                Form 10-K of the Company, as amended, for the year ended 
                January 31, 1986.

        +10(b)  Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. Stock Option Plan of 1984 is 
                incorporated herein by reference to Registration Statement 
                on Form S-8 (File Number 2-94358).

        +10(c)  1986 Amendment to the Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. Stock Option 
                Plan of 1984 is incorporated herein by reference from the 
                Annual Report on Form 10-K of the Company for the year 
                ended January 31, 1987.

        +10(d)  1991 Amendment to the Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. Stock Option 
                Plan of 1984 is incorporated herein by reference from the 
                Annual Report on Form 10-K of the Company for the year 
                ended January 31, 1992.

        +10(e)  1993 Amendment to the Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. Stock Option 
                Plan of 1984 is incorporated herein by reference from the 
                Annual Report on Form 10-K of the Company for the year 
                ended January 31, 1993.

        +10(f)  Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. Stock Option Plan of 1994 is 
                incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4(c) to the 
                registration statement on Form S-8 (File Number 33-5325).

         10(g)  Exchange Agreement by and between Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. and 
                Walton Enterprises, Inc., dated May 23, 1990, is 
                incorporated herein by reference to Current Report on Form 
                8-K dated June 14, 1990.

        +10(h)  A written description of a consulting agreement by and 
                between Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. and Jack C. Shewmaker, is 
                incorporated herein by reference to the description 
                contained in the third paragraph under the caption 
                "Compensation of Directors" in the Company's definitive 
                Proxy Statement to be filed in connection with the Annual 
                Meeting of the Shareholders to be held on June 2, 1995.

        +10(i)  Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. Directors Deferred Compensation Plan 
                is incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4(d) to 
                Registration Statement on Form S-8 (File Number 33-55178).

        *13     All information incorporated by reference in Items 5, 6, 7 
                and 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K from the Annual 
                Report to Shareholders for the year ended January 31, 1995.  
                
        *21     List of the Company's Subsidiaries

        *23     Consent of Independent Auditors

        *27     Financial Data Schedule

*Filed herewith as an Exhibit.

+Management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement.

        (b)     Reports on Form 8-K 

                During the last quarter of the fiscal year ended January 
        31, 1995, the Company filed two reports on Form 8-K with the 
        Securities and Exchange Commission (the "Commission") as described 
        below:

                (1)  Form 8-K dated November 11, 1994 and filed with the 
                Commission on November 14, 1994.  The Form 8-K was filed 
                for the purpose of filing certain documents as exhibits 
                under Item 7 of Form 8-K in connection with, and for 
                incorporation by reference into, the Company's Registration 
                Statement on Form S-3 (File No. 33-55725).  The documents 
                related to the closing on November 10, 1994, of the 
                issuance of certain Pass Through Certificates described in the 
                Prospectus Supplement dated November 3, 1994.

                (2)  Form 8-K dated December 28, 1994 and filed with the 
                Commission on December 28, 1994.  The Form 8-K was filed 
                for the purpose of filing certain documents as exhibits 
                under Item 7 of Form 8-K in connection with, and for 
                incorporation by reference into, the Company's Registration 
                Statement on Form S-3 (File No. 33-55725).  The documents 
                related to the closing on December 22, 1994, of the 
                issuance of certain Pass Through Certificates described in 
                the Prospectus Supplement dated December 15, 1994.


         INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SCHEDULES


                                                      Annual
                                                     Report to
                                                   Shareholders
                                                      (page)   

Covered by Report of Independent
   Auditors:

   Consolidated Statements of Income
     for each of the three years in the 
     period ended January 31, 1995                      17

   Consolidated Balance Sheets at
     January 31, 1995 and 1994                          18

   Consolidated Statements of
     Shareholders' Equity for each
     of the three years in the
     period ended January 31, 1995                      19

   Consolidated Statements of Cash
     Flows for each of the three 
     years in the period ended
     January 31, 1995                                   20

   Notes to Consolidated Financial
     Statements, except Note 8                        21-25


Not Covered by Report of Independent
   Auditors:

   Note 8 - Quarterly Financial Data
     (unaudited)                                        25


All schedules have been omitted because the required information is not 
present or is not present in amounts sufficient to require submission of 
the schedule, or because the information required is included in the 
financial statements, including the notes thereto.


                                SIGNATURES

          Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the 
Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report 
to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.

DATE:     April 21, 1995                  WAL-MART STORES, INC.


                                          BY:/s/David D. Glass            
                                                David D. Glass
                                                President and Chief
                                                Executive Officer

          Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 
1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf 
of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated:



DATE:     April 21, 1995                  /s/S. Robson Walton              
                                             S. Robson Walton
                                             Chairman of the Board



DATE:     April 21, 1995                  /s/David D. Glass                 
                                             David D. Glass
                                             President, Chief Executive
                                             Officer and Director



DATE:     April 21, 1995                  /s/Donald G. Soderquist          
                                             Donald G. Soderquist
                                             Vice Chairman, Chief
                                             Operating Officer
                                             and Director



DATE:     April 21, 1995                  /s/Paul R. Carter                
                                             Paul R. Carter
                                             Executive Vice President,
                                             Chief Financial Officer and
                                             Director



DATE:     April 21, 1995                  /s/James A. Walker, Jr.          
                                             James A. Walker, Jr.
                                             Senior Vice President and 
                                             Controller (Principal
                                             Accounting Officer)



DATE:     April 21, 1995                  /s/David R. Banks               
                                             David R. Banks
                                             Director


DATE:     April 21, 1995                  
                                             John A. Cooper, Jr.
                                             Director


DATE:     April 21, 1995                  
                                             Robert H. Dedman
                                             Director


DATE:     April 21, 1995                  /s/Frederick S. Humphries        
                                             Frederick S. Humphries
                                             Director


DATE:     April 21, 1995                  /s/F. Kenneth Iverson            
                                             F. Kenneth Iverson
                                             Director


DATE:     April 21, 1995                  /s/Elizabeth A. Sanders          
                                             Elizabeth A. Sanders
                                             Director


DATE:     April 21, 1995                  /s/Jack Shewmaker                
                                             Jack Shewmaker
                                             Director


DATE:     April 21, 1995                  /s/John Walton                   
                                             John Walton
                                             Director

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-13
<SEQUENCE>2
<TEXT>

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
11-Year Financial Summary
(Dollar amounts in millions except per share data.)
                              1995       1994       1993       1992       1991       1990        
<S>                         <C>        <C>        <C>        <C>        <C>        <C>       
Operating Results
Net sales                   $82,494    $67,344    $55,484    $43,887    $32,602    $25,811       
Net sales increase               22%        21%        26%        35%        26%        25%    
Comparative store sales
  increase                        7%         6%        11%        10%        10%        11%    
Other income - net              918        641        501        403        262        175     
Cost of sales                65,586     53,444     44,175     34,786     25,500     20,070     
Operating, selling, and
  general and administra-
  tive expenses              12,858     10,333      8,321      6,684      5,152      4,070     
Interest costs:
   Debt                         520        331        143        113         43         20     
   Capital leases               186        186        180        153        126        118     
Provision for federal
  and state income taxes      1,581      1,358      1,171        945        752        632     
Net income                    2,681      2,333      1,995      1,609      1,291      1,076     

Per share of common stock:
   Net income                  1.17       1.02        .87        .70        .57        .48     
   Dividends                    .17        .13        .11        .09        .07        .06     

Financial Position
Current assets              $15,338    $12,114    $10,198    $ 8,575    $ 6,415    $ 4,713     
Inventories at
  replacement cost           14,415     11,483      9,780      7,857      6,207      4,751     
Less LIFO reserve               351        469        512        473        399        323     
Inventories at LIFO cost     14,064     11,014      9,268      7,384      5,808      4,428     
Net property, plant, equip-
  ment and capital leases    15,874     13,176      9,793      6,434      4,712      3,430     
Total assets                 32,819     26,441     20,565     15,443     11,389      8,198     
Current liabilities           9,973      7,406      6,754      5,004      3,990      2,845     
Long-term debt                7,871      6,156      3,073      1,722        740        185     
Long-term obligations
  under capital leases        1,838      1,804      1,772      1,556      1,159      1,087     
Preferred stock with
  mandatory redemption
  provisions                    ---        ---        ---        ---        ---        ---     
Shareholders' equity         12,726     10,753      8,759      6,990      5,366      3,966     

Financial Ratios
Current ratio                   1.5        1.6        1.5        1.7        1.6        1.7     
Inventories/working capital     2.6        2.3        2.7        2.1        2.4        2.4     
Return on assets*              10.1%      11.3%      12.9%      14.1%      15.7%      16.9%    
Return on shareholders'
  equity*                      24.9%      26.6%      28.5%      30.0%      32.6%      35.8%    

Other Year-End Data
Number of Wal-Mart Stores     1,990      1,953      1,850      1,714      1,568      1,399     
Number of Supercenters          143         68         30          6          5          3     
Number of Sam's Clubs           428        419        256        208        148        123     
Average Wal-Mart Store size  87,600     83,900     79,800     74,700     70,700     66,400     
Number of Associates        622,000    528,000    434,000    371,000    328,000    271,000    
Number of Shareholders      259,286    257,946    180,584    150,242    122,414     79,929    
</TABLE>
[FN]
 * On beginning of year balances.
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
11-Year Financial Summary
(Dollar amounts in millions except per share data.)
                            1989         1988       1987       1986       1985      
<S>                         <C>        <C>        <C>        <C>        <C>               
Operating Results
Net Sales                   $20,649    $15,959    $11,909    $ 8,451    $ 6,401    
Net sales increase               29%        34%        41%        32%        37%      
Comparative store sales
  increase                       12%        11%        13%         9%        15%  
Other income - net              137        105         85         55         52
Cost of sales                16,057     12,282      9,053      6,361      4,722
Operating, selling, and
  general and administra-
  tive expenses               3,268      2,599      2,008      1,485      1,181
Interest costs:
   Debt                          36         25         10          2          5
   Capital leases                99         89         76         55         43
Provision for federal
  and state income taxes        488        441        396        276        231
Net income                      838        628        451        327        271       

Per share of common stock:
   Net income                   .37        .28        .20        .15        .12     
   Dividends                    .04        .03        .02        .02        .01    

Financial Position
Current assets              $ 3,631    $ 2,905    $ 2,353    $ 1,784    $ 1,303
Inventories at              
  replacement cost            3,642      2,855      2,185      1,528      1,227
Less LIFO reserve               291        203        154        140        123
Inventories at LIFO cost      3,351      2,652      2,031      1,388      1,104
Net property, plant, equip-
  ment and capital leases     2,662      2,145      1,676      1,303        870    
Total assets                  6,360      5,132      4,049      3,104      2,205
Current liabilities           2,066      1,744      1,340        993        689
Long-term debt                  184        186        179        181         41
Long-term obligations
  under capital leases        1,009        867        764        595        450
Preferred stock with
  mandatory redemption
  provisions                    ---        ---        ---          5          6
Shareholders' equity          3,008      2,257      1,690      1,278        985

Financial Ratios
Current ratio                   1.8        1.7        1.8        1.8        1.9    
Inventories/working capital     2.1        2.3        2.0        1.8        1.8
Return on assets*              16.3%      15.5%      14.5%      14.8%      16.4%   
Return on shareholders'
  equity*                      37.1%      37.1%      35.2%      33.3%      36.7%

Other Year-End Data
Number of Wal-Mart Stores     1,259      1,114        980        859        745
Number of Supercenters           --         --         --         --         --
Number of Sam's Clubs           105         84         49         23         11
Average Wal-Mart Store size  63,500     61,500     59,000     57,000     55,000
Number of Associates        223,000    183,000    141,000    104,000     81,000
Number of Shareholders       80,270     79,777     32,896     21,828     14,799
</TABLE>
[FN]
* On beginning of year balances.


Management's Discussion and Analysis

Results of Operations

Revenues
Sales for the three fiscal years ended January 31 and the respective total and
comparable store percentage increases over the prior year were:

                                                 Total          Comparable
Fiscal                        Sales            Company              Store
Year                      (in millions)       Increases          Increases
1995                         $82,494               22%                 7%
1994                          67,344               21%                 6%
1993                          55,484               26%                11%

The sales increase of 22% in fiscal 1995 compared with fiscal 1994 was 
attributable to 111 new stores, 6 new Supercenters, and 22 new Sam's Clubs;
sales from the relocation or expansion of 69 existing Wal-Mart stores into
Supercenters; comparative store sales increases of 7%; and the entry into 
the Canadian market through the purchase of 122 stores from Woolworth
Canada, Inc., a subsidiary of Woolworth Corporation.  Sam's Clubs sales as
a percentage of total sales increased by 1.1%, part of which is attributable
to the PACE units acquired in the fourth quarter of fiscal 1994.  Supercenter
sales as a percentage of total sales increased by .5% and Canada store sales
accounted for 1.5% of total sales.
     The sales increase of 21% in fiscal 1994 compared with fiscal 1993 was
attributable to 142 new stores, 1 new Supercenter, and 65 new Sam's Clubs;
sales from the relocation or expansion of 37 existing Wal-Mart stores into
Supercenters; comparative store sales increases of 6%; a 37% growth in the
sales of the McLane Company, and the acquisition of 99 PACE Clubs in the
fourth quarter.  Sam's Clubs sales as a percentage of total sales decreased
by .3% while the McLane Company sales as a percentage of total sales increased
by .7%.

New Wal-Mart Stores and Sam's Clubs      
                                              1995        1994       1993
New Wal-Mart stores                            111         142        161
New Supercenters                                 6           1
Wal-Mart stores relocated or expanded
  to Supercenters                               69          37         24
New Sam's Clubs                                 22          65         48
Acquired PACE clubs                                         99
Acquired Canada Woolco stores                  122
New Canada stores                                1

Costs and Expenses
Cost of sales as a percentage of sales increased .1% in fiscal 1995 as
compared with fiscal 1994 and decreased .3% in fiscal 1994 as compared with
fiscal 1993.  The increase in fiscal 1995 is primarily due to a larger
percentage of consolidated sales attributable to Sam's Clubs resulting in
part from the addition of the PACE Clubs.  The cost of sales in Sam's Clubs
is significantly higher as a percentage of sales than in Wal-Mart stores
due to a lower markup on purchases.  The decrease in fiscal 1994 as compared
with fiscal 1993 was due to a larger percentage of consolidated sales 
attributed to departments within Wal-Mart stores which have higher markon
percents and increases in markon percents in Sam's Clubs and McLane Company.
     Operating, selling, and general and administrative expenses as a 
percentage of sales increased .2% and .3%, respectively, in each of the last
two fiscal years when compared with the previous year.  The increase in fiscal
1995 was primarily attributable to the acquisition of the Canada stores and
higher payroll and payroll-related benefit costs.  The increase in fiscal
1994 was due principally to higher payroll and payroll-related benefit cost,
depreciation costs and certain occupancy costs in part attributable to the
Company's expansion program.

Interest Cost
Interest cost increased in fiscal 1995 and 1994 due primarily to increased 
indebtedness in each of the years, which is attributable to the expansion
program.  The cost of short-term borrowing increased as average short-term
borrowing rates increased approximately 1.4% in fiscal 1995 compared with
fiscal 1994.  Interest cost will increase in fiscal 1996 with the additional
borrowing required to finance the expansion program.  The Company may use
short-term borrowing arrangements to take advantage of the most favorable
financing rates.  See Note 2 of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
for additional information on interest and debt.

Income Taxes
The effective income tax rate was 37.1% and 36.8% in fiscal 1995 and 1994
respectively.  See Note 4 of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for
additional information on income taxes.

Liquidity and Capital Resources

Cash Flow Information
Cash flow provided from operations was $2.9 billion in fiscal 1995.  These
funds, combined with the long-term borrowings of $1.3 billion and proceeds
from sale/leaseback transactions of $.5 billion, were used to finance capital
expenditures of $3.7 billion, acquire the assets of 122 Canada Woolco stores,
invest in international operations, pay dividends, provide working capital,
and fund the operation of subsidiaries.

Borrowing Information
The Company had committed lines of credit of $1,175 million with 11 banks and
informal lines with various banks totaling an additional $1,050 million which
were used to support short-term borrowing and commercial paper.  These lines
of credit and their anticipated cyclical increases will be sufficient to 
finance the seasonal buildups in merchandise inventories and interim 
financing requirements for stores developed with sale/leaseback or other long-
term financing objectives.
     The Company has aggressively expanded during the past three years.  Even
though interest rates increased throughout fiscal 1995, the Company has taken
advantage of interest rates in the past three years which have been substan-
tially lower than those available in recent history.  These favorable debt
market conditions, combined with the Company's ability to generate significant
cash flows from operations, have allowed it to continue this expansion and
position itself to continue as the world's largest retailer.  These increased
borrowings to support the expansion programs have caused the Company's debt
(including obligations under capital leases) to equity ratios to increase 
to .77:1 at the end of fiscal 1995, as compared with .75:1 and .56:1 at the
end of fiscal 1994 and 1993, respectively.  In view of the Company's 
significant working capital, its consistent ability to generate working 
capital from operations and the availability of external financing, the
Company foresees no difficulty in providing funds necessary to fulfill its
working capital needs and to finance its expansion plans.

Foreign Currency Translation
The Company has operations in Mexico through a joint venture with CIFRA, 
Mexico's largest retailer.  In fiscal 1995 the value of the peso dropped
significantly in relation to the dollar, and accordingly the Company's
investment and shareholders' equity were reduced due to a foreign currency
translation adjustment of approximately $235 million related to the joint
venture in Mexico.  The Company also had a foreign currency translation
reduction of approximately $21 million related to its Canadian operation.
     The Company is evaluating strategies to reduce the risk of currency
devaluation.  Although the Company is currently exposed to this risk, any
further devaluation of the peso or other currencies should not significantly
impact the Company's consolidated operations or financial position.

Expansion
The Company plans to continue to enhance its position as the world's largest
retailer through expansion in fiscal 1996.  Expansion plans include 90 to
100 new Wal-Mart stores, 12 new Supercenters and 9 new Sam's Clubs along
with the expansion or relocation of approximately 70 Wal-Mart stores and
4 Sam's Clubs, and the conversion of approximately 80 Wal-Mart stores into
Supercenters.
     The Company will continue to develop its interests in Hong Kong, China,
Argentina, Brazil and Canada with the planned addition of 20 to 25 new units.  
With the recent devaluation of the peso, the Company has slowed its planned
expansion program in Mexico and will continue to evaluate future 
opportunities.
     Also included in expansion plans for fiscal 1996 are three distribution
centers.  Total planned capital expenditures for 1996 approximate $4 billion.
The Company may sell $1,051 million of public debt utilizing shelf registra-
tion statements previously filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission.
Long-term and short-term borrowings along with cash provided from operations
should provide adequate funding for the Company's fiscal 1996 expansion 
program.


Consolidated Statements of Income
(Amounts in millions except per share data.)

Fiscal years ended January 31,
                               1995       1994       1993
Revenues:
   Net sales                   $82,494    $67,344    $55,484
   Other income_net               918        641        501
                                83,412     67,985     55,985
Costs and Expenses:
   Cost of sales                65,586     53,444     44,175
   Operating, selling, and
   general and administrative
   expenses                     12,858     10,333      8,321

Interest Costs:
   Debt                            520        331        143
   Capital leases                  186        186        180
                                79,150     64,294     52,819

Income Before Income Taxes       4,262      3,691      3,166

Provision for Income Taxes:
   Current                       1,572      1,325      1,137
   Deferred                          9         33         34
                                 1,581      1,358      1,171

Net Income                     $ 2,681    $ 2,333    $ 1,995

Net Income Per Share           $  1.17    $  1.02    $   .87

See accompanying notes.

Net Income
(Millions of Dollars) (Graph)

1986  1987   1988   1989   1990   1991    1992    1993    1994    1995
 327   451    628    838  1,076  1,291   1,609   1,995   2,333   2,681


Consolidated Balance Sheets
(Amounts in millions.)


January 31,                             1995       1994

Assets
Current Assets:
   Cash and cash equivalents             $   45     $   20
   Receivables                              700        690
   Recoverable costs from
    sale/leaseback                          200        208

   Inventories:
     At replacement cost                 14,415     11,483
     Less LIFO reserve                      351        469

       Inventories at LIFO cost          14,064     11,014
   Prepaid expenses and other               329        182

     Total Current Assets                15,338     12,114

Property, Plant, and Equipment, at Cost:
   Land                                   3,036      2,741
   Buildings and improvements             8,973      6,818
   Fixtures and equipment                 4,768      3,981
   Transportation equipment                 313        260
                                         17,090     13,800
   Less accumulated depreciation          2,782      2,173
     Net property, plant, and equipment  14,308     11,627
   Property under capital leases          2,147      2,059
   Less accumulated amortization            581        510
     Net property under capital leases    1,566      1,549
Other Assets and Deferred Charges         1,607      1,151
   Total Assets                         $32,819    $26,441


Liabilities and Shareholders' Equity
Current Liabilities:
   Commercial paper                     $ 1,795    $ 1,575
   Accounts payable                       5,907      4,104
   Accrued liabilities                    1,819      1,473
   Accrued federal and state
    income taxes                            365        183
   Long-term debt due within one year        23         20
   Obligations under capital
    leases due within one year               64         51
      Total Current Liabilities           9,973      7,406

Long-Term Debt                            7,871      6,156
Long-Term Obligations Under
 Capital Leases                           1,838      1,804
Deferred Income Taxes                       411        322

Shareholders' Equity:
   Preferred stock ($.10 par value;
    100 shares authorized, none issued)
   Common stock ($.10 par value;
    5,500 shares authorized, 2,297
    and 2,299 issued and outstanding
    in 1995 and 1994, respectively)         230        230
   Capital in excess of par value           539        536
   Retained earnings                     12,213      9,987
   Foreign currency translation
    adjustment                             (256)       _
      Total Shareholders' Equity         12,726     10,753

   Total Liabilities and Shareholders'
    Equity                              $32,819    $26,441

See accompanying notes.
<TABLE>
Consolidated Statements of Shareholders' Equity
<CAPTION>
                                                                    Foreign
                                              Capital in            currency
                            Number    Common   excess of  Retained translation
                           of shares   stock   par value  earnings  adjustment  Total
(Amounts in millions except per share data.)
<S>                          <C>       <C>       <C>      <C>         <C>      <C>
Balance - January 31, 1992   1,149     $115      $626     $ 6,249     $ --     $6,990
 Net Income                                                 1,995               1,995
 Cash dividends
   ($.11 per share)                                          (241)               (241)
 Two-for-one stock split     1,150      115      (115)                            --
 Other                           1                 16                              16

Balance - January 31, 1993   2,300      230       527       8,003       --      8,760
 Net Income                                                 2,333               2,333
 Cash dividends
   ($.13 per share)                                          (299)               (299)
 Other                          (1)                 9         (50)                (41)

Balance - January 31, 1994   2,299      230       536       9,987       --     10,753
 Net Income                                                 2,681               2,681
 Cash dividends
   ($.17 per share)                                          (391)               (391)
 Foreign currency translation
  adjustment                                                           (256)     (256)
  Other                         (2)                 3         (64)                (61)

Balance - January 31, 1995   2,297     $230      $539     $12,213     $(256)  $12,726
</TABLE>
See accompanying notes.


Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows

(Amounts in millions.)
Fiscal years ended January 31,
                                       1995       1994      1993
Cash flows from
  operating activities:
   Net income                         $2,681     $2,333    $1,995
Adjustments to reconcile
  net income to net cash
  provided by operating
  activities:
   Depreciation and amortization       1,070        849       649
   Increase in accounts receivable       (84)      (165)     (106)
   Increase in inventories            (3,053)    (1,324)   (1,884)
   Increase in accounts payable        1,914        230       420
   Increase in accrued liabilities       496        327       176
   Other                                (118)       (55)       28
Net cash provided by operating
  activities                           2,906      2,195     1,278
Cash flows from investing activities:
   Payments for property, plant,
     and equipment                    (3,734)    (3,644)   (3,756)
   Acquisition of assets from PACE
     Membership Warehouses, Inc.          _        (830)       _
   Acquisition of assets from
     Woolworth Canada, Inc.             (352)        _         _
   Sale/leaseback arrangements
     and other property sales            502        272       416
   Investment in international
     operations                         (434)      (198)     (106)
   Other investing activities            226        (86)      (60)
Net cash used in investing
  activities                          (3,792)    (4,486)   (3,506)

Cash flows from financing activities:
   Increase (decrease) in
     commercial paper                    220        (14)    1,135
   Proceeds from issuance of
     long-term debt                    1,250      3,108     1,367
   Dividends paid                       (391)      (299)     (241)
   Payment of long-term debt             (37)       (19)       (8)
   Payment of capital lease
     obligations                         (70)      (437)      (60)
   Other financing activities            (61)       (40)       16
Net cash provided by financing
  activities                             911      2,299     2,209
Net increase (decrease) in cash
  and cash equivalents                    25          8       (19)
Cash and cash equivalents at
  beginning of year                       20         12        31
Cash and cash equivalents at
  end of year                          $  45     $   20    $   12

Supplemental disclosure of cash flow information:
   Income tax paid                     $1,390    $1,366    $1,173
   Interest paid                          658       450       317
   Capital lease obligations incurred     193       162       286

See accompanying notes.


Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

1.  Summary of Significant Accounting Policies

Segment information
The Company and its subsidiaries are principally engaged in
the operation of mass merchandising stores.

Consolidation
The consolidated financial statements include the accounts
of subsidiaries. Significant intercompany transactions have
been eliminated in consolidation.

Cash and cash equivalents
The Company considers investments with a maturity of three
months or less when purchased to be "cash equivalents."

Inventories
Inventories are stated principally at cost (last-in, first-
out), which is not in excess of market, using the retail
method for inventories in stores.

Pre-opening costs
Costs associated with the opening of stores are expensed
during the first full month of operations. The costs are
carried as prepaid expenses prior to the store opening.

Recoverable costs from sale/leaseback
All costs of acquisition and construction of properties for
which the Company plans to sell and leaseback within one
year are accumulated in current assets until properties are
sold.

Interest during construction
In order that interest costs properly reflect only that
portion relating to current operations, interest on borrowed
funds during the construction of property, plant, and
equipment is capitalized. Interest costs capitalized were
$70 million, $65 million and $80 million in 1995, 1994, and
1993, respectively.

Depreciation and Amortization
Depreciation and amortization for financial statement
purposes is provided on the straight-line method over the
estimated useful lives of the various assets. For income tax
purposes, accelerated methods are used with recognition of
deferred income taxes for the resulting temporary
differences.

Operating, selling, and general and administrative expenses
Buying, warehousing, and occupancy costs are included in
operating, selling, and general and administrative expenses.

Income taxes
In fiscal 1994, the Company adopted Statement of Financial
Accounting Standards No. 109, "Accounting for Income Taxes"
(SFAS 109) prospectively as a change in accounting principle
effective February 1, 1993. Under SFAS 109, the deferred tax
provision is determined under the liability method, whereby
deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized based on
differences between financial statement and tax bases of
assets and liabilities using presently enacted tax rates. In
fiscal year 1993, deferred income taxes were provided on
timing differences between financial statement and taxable
income.

Net income per share
Net income per share is based on the weighted average
outstanding common shares. The dilutive effect of stock
options is insignificant and consequently has been excluded
from the earnings per share computations.

Stock options
Proceeds from the sale of common stock issued under the
stock option plans and related tax benefits which accrue to
the Company are accounted for as capital transactions, and
no charges or credits are made to income in connection with
the plans.

2.  Commercial Paper and Long-term Debt

Information on short-term borrowings and interest rates is
as follows (dollar amounts in millions):

Fiscal year ended January 31,     1995      1994     1993

Maximum amount outstanding at
  month-end                      $2,729    $2,395   $2,315
Average daily short-term
  borrowings                      1,693     1,247    1,184
Weighted average interest rate      4.4%      3.0%     3.5%

    At January 31, 1995, the Company had committed lines of
credit of $1,175 million with 11 banks and informal lines of
credit with various banks totaling an additional $1,050
million, which were used to support short-term borrowings
and commercial paper. Short-term borrowings under these
lines of credit bear interest at or below the prime rate.

    Long-term debt at January 31 consists of (amounts in
millions):

                                             1995       1994
8 5\8%         Notes due April 2001         $ 750      $ 750
5 7\8%         Notes due October 2005         750        750
9 1\10%        Notes due July 2000            500        500
5 1\2%         Notes due September 1997       500        500
6 1\8%         Notes due October 1999         500        500
5 1\2%         Notes due March 1998           500        500
6 1\2%         Notes due June 2003            500        500
7 1\4%         Notes due June 2013            500        500
7 1\2%         Notes due May 2004             500         _
7 8\10%-8 1\4% Obligations from sale/
                leaseback transactions
                due 2014                      484         --
7%-8%          Obligations from sale/
                leaseback transactions
                due 2013                      322        335
8%             Notes due May 1996             250        250
6 3\8%         Notes due March 2003           250        250
6 3\4%         Notes due October 2023         250        250
8%             Notes due September 2006       250         _
8 1\2%         Notes due September 2024       250         _
6 7\8%         Eurobond due June 1999         250         _
5 1\8%         Eurobond due October 1998      250        250
10 7\8%        Debentures due August 2000     100        100
               Other                          215        221

                                           $7,871     $6,156


    Long-term debt is unsecured except for $220 million
which is collateralized by property with an aggregate
carrying value of approximately $358 million. Annual
maturities on long-term debt during the next five years
are (in millions):

Fiscal years ending                                Annual
January 31,                                       maturity
1996                                               $  23
1997                                                 268
1998                                                 523
1999                                                 774
2000                                                 806
Thereafter                                         5,500

    The Company observes certain covenants under the terms
of its note and debenture agreements, the most restrictive
of which relates to amounts of additional secured debt and
long-term leases.  The Company has entered into
sale/leaseback transactions involving buildings while
retaining title to the underlying land. These transactions
were accounted for as financings and are included in long-
term debt and the annual maturities schedules above. The
resulting obligations are amortized over the lease terms.
Future minimum lease payments for each of the five
succeeding years as of January 31, 1995 are (in millions):

Fiscal years ending                        Minimum
January 31,                                Rentals
1996                                        $  81
1997                                           72
1998                                           76
1999                                           76
2000                                          104
Thereafter                                  1,109

    The fair value of the Company's long-term debt
approximates $7,530 million based on the Company's current
incremental borrowing rate for similar types of borrowing
arrangements. The carrying amount of the short-term
borrowings approximates fair value.
    At January 31, 1995 and 1994, the Company had letters of
credit outstanding totaling $580 and $808 million,
respectively. These letters of credit were issued primarily
for the purchase of inventory.
    The Company has guaranteed the indebtedness of a joint
venture for the development of real estate in Puerto Rico.
At January 31, 1995, the amount guaranteed was approximately
$54 million. The Company does not anticipate any
joint venture defaults.
    Under shelf registration statements previously filed
with the Securities and Exchange Commission, the Company may
issue debt securities aggregating $1,051 million.

3.  Defined Contribution Plan

The Company maintains a profit sharing plan under which most
full and many part-time Associates become participants
following one year of employment. Annual contributions,
based on the profitability of the Company, are made at the
sole discretion of the Company. Contributions were $175
million, $166 million, and $166 million in 1995, 1994, and
1993, respectively.

4.  Income Taxes

The Company prospectively adopted SFAS 109 as a change in
accounting principle effective February 1, 1993;
consequently, prior years' financial statements have not
been restated. Due to the nature of the predominant
cumulative differences in the Company's book and tax bases
of assets and liabilities, which relate to items that were
both timing differences under Accounting Principles Board
Opinion 11, "Accounting for Income Taxes" (APB 11), and
temporary differences under SFAS 109, the cumulative impact
of adoption was insignificant.
    The income tax provision consists of the following (in
millions):

                                      1995    1994     1993
Current:
   Federal                           $1,394  $1,193   $1,002
   State and local                      178     132      135
Total current tax provision           1,572   1,325    1,137
Deferred:
   Federal                                7      30       31
   State and local                        2       3        3
Total deferred tax provision              9      33       34
Total provision for income taxes     $1,581  $1,358   $1,171

        Deferred income taxes under SFAS 109 reflect the net
tax effects of temporary differences between the carrying
amounts of assets and liabilities for financial reporting
purposes and the amounts used for income tax purposes. Items
that give rise to significant portions of the deferred tax
accounts at January 31 are as follows (in millions):

                                          1995        1994
Deferred tax liabilities:
  Property, plant, and equipment          $518        $408
  Inventory                                 88          38
  Other                                      8           9
Total deferred tax liabilities             614         455
Deferred tax assets:
  Amounts accrued for financial
    reporting purposes not yet
    deductible for tax purposes            230         114
    Capital leases                         114          95
    Other                                   33          18
Total deferred tax assets                  377         227
Net deferred tax liabilities              $237        $228

    The components of the provision for deferred income
    taxes under APB11 for the years ended January 31, 1993
    are (in millions):
                                                1993
Depreciation                                    $ 68
Capital leases                                   (21)
Other                                            (12)
                                                $ 35

    A reconciliation of the significant differences between
    the effective income tax rate and the federal statutory
rate on pretax income follows:

                                     1995    1994     1993
Statutory tax rate                   35.0%   35.0%    34.0%
State income taxes, net of
  federal income tax benefit          2.7%    2.4%     2.9%
Other                                (0.6%)  (0.6%)    0.1%
Effective tax rate                   37.1%   36.8%    37.0%

5.  Acquisitions

In two unrelated cash transactions during fiscal 1994, the
Company acquired selected assets of PACE Membership
Warehouses, Inc., including the right to operate 107 of
PACE's former locations, for $830 million, recording $336
million of goodwill which is being amortized over 25 years.
    In fiscal 1995, the Company acquired selected assets
related to 122 Woolco stores in Canada from Woolworth
Canada, Inc., a subsidiary of Woolworth Corporation, for
approximately $352 million, recording $221 million of
leasehold and location value which is being amortized over
20 years. These transactions have been accounted for as
purchases, and the results of operations for the acquired
units since the dates of their acquisitions have been
included in the Company's results. Pro forma results of
operations are not presented due to insignificant
differences from the historical results.

6.  Stock Option Plans

At January 31, 1995, 76 million shares of common stock were
reserved for issuance under stock option plans. The options
granted under the stock option plans expire 10 years from
date of grant and may be exercised in nine annual
installments. Further information concerning the options is
as follows:

Option price
                          Shares        per share     Total
Shares under option
  January 31, 1992     13,618,000  $  .67-27.25  $142,763,000
   Options Granted      4,072,000  $25.75-30.82   118,430,000
   Options Cancelled   (1,134,000) $  .67-30.82   (13,560,000)
   Options Exercised   (2,092,000) $  .67-27.25   (12,773,000)

  January 31, 1993     14,464,000  $ 1.43-30.82  $234,860,000
   Options Granted      3,550,000  $25.00-27.25    90,377,000
   Options Cancelled     (803,000) $ 1.43-30.82   (17,325,000)
   Options Exercised   (1,335,000) $ 1.43-30.82    (9,664,000)

  January 31, 1994     15,867,000  $ 1.43-30.82  $298,248,000
   Options Granted      4,125,000  $21.63-26.75    95,689,000
   Options Cancelled   (1,013,000) $ 1.43-30.82   (23,127,000)
   Options Exercised   (1,019,000) $ 2.08-27.25    (7,829,000)

  January 31, 1995     17,969,000  $ 2.78-30.82  $362,981,000
  (4,223,000 shares exercisable)

  Shares available for option:
    January 31, 1994   11,502,000
    January 31, 1995   58,107,000

7.  Long-term Lease Obligations

The Company and certain of its subsidiaries have long-term
leases for stores and equipment. Rentals (including, for
certain leases, amounts applicable to taxes, insurance,
maintenance, other operating expenses, and contingent
rentals) under all operating leases were $479 million in
1995, $361 million in 1994, and $313 million in 1993.
Aggregate minimum annual rentals at January 31, 1995, under
non-cancelable leases are as follows (in millions):

Fiscal                                Operating      Capital
years                                  leases        leases

1996                                  $  386        $  252
1997                                     403           251
1998                                     386           251
1999                                     334           249
2000                                     318           247
Thereafter                             3,155         2,785
Total minimum rentals                 $4,982         4,035

Less estimated executory costs                          80
Net minimum lease payments                           3,955
Less imputed interest at rates
 ranging from 6.1% to 14.0%                          2,053
Present value of net minimum lease payments         $1,902

    Certain of the leases provide for contingent additional
rentals based on percentage of sales. Such additional
rentals amounted to $42 million, $27 million, and $30
million in 1995, 1994, and 1993, respectively. Substantially
all of the store leases have renewal options for additional
terms from five to 25 years at the same or lower minimum
rentals.
    The Company has entered into lease commitments for land
and buildings for 62 future locations. These lease
commitments with real estate developers or through
sale/leaseback arrangements provide for minimum rentals for
20 to 25 years, excluding renewal options, which, if
consummated based on current cost estimates, will
approximate $58 million annually over the lease terms.

8.  Quarterly Financial Data (Unaudited)

Amounts in millions
(except per share information)       Quarters ended
                     April 30,   July 31,   October 31,  January 31,
1995
Net sales             $17,686    $19,942     $20,418       $24,448
Cost of sales          14,063     15,960      16,201        19,362
Net income                498        565         588         1,030
Net income per share  $   .22    $   .25     $   .26       $   .45

1994
Net sales             $13,920    $16,237     $16,827       $20,360
Cost of sales          11,017     12,963      13,308        16,156
Net income                451        496         519           867
Net income per share  $   .20    $   .22     $   .23       $   .38


Market Price of Common Stock
                               Fiscal years ended January 31, 
                                1995                   1994
Quarter                    High       Low         High       Low

April 30                  $29.13    $24.00       $34.00    $26.38
July 31                    25.88     22.75        28.50     24.88
October 31                 26.00     22.75        27.25     23.50
January 31                 24.13     20.88        29.88     24.38


Dividends Paid Per Share
                     Fiscal years ended January 31,
                              Quarterly
           1995                                   1994
April 14         $0.0425                April 9          $0.0325
July 8            0.0425                July 9            0.0325
October 3         0.0425                October 4         0.0325
January 5         0.0425                January 5         0.0325


</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-21
<SEQUENCE>3
<TEXT>

SUBSIDIARIES OF WAL-MART STORES, INC.

                                                             NAME UNDER
                                             PERCENT OF      WHICH DOING
                                              EQUITY          BUSINESS
                            STATE OF         SECURITIES      OTHER THAN
SUBSIDIARY                INCORPORATION        OWNED        SUBSIDIARY'S


North Arkansas              Arkansas            100          Wal-Mart
Wholesale Co.,
Inc., and its
subsidiaries

McLane Company, Inc.,       Texas               100          Wal-Mart
and its subsidiaries






                                               Exhibit 21

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-23
<SEQUENCE>4
<TEXT>


                CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT AUDITORS


We consent to the incorporation by reference in this Annual Report 
(Form 10-K) of Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. of our report dated March 24, 
1995, included in the 1995 Annual Report to Shareholders of 
Wal-Mart Stores, Inc.

We also consent to the incorporation by reference of our report
dated March 24, 1995, with respect to the consolidated financial 
statements of Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. incorporated by reference in 
this Annual Report (Form 10-K) for the year ended January 31, 1995, 
in the following registration statements and related prospectuses.


     The Wholesale Club, Inc.
      Incentive Stock Option 
      Plan of Wal-Mart Stores,     Form S-8      File No. 33-42617
      Inc.
                               
     Associate Stock Purchase
      Plan of Wal-Mart Stores,
      Inc.                         Form S-8      File No. 2-64662

     Stock Option Plan of 1984
      of Wal-Mart Stores, Inc.,
      as amended                   Form S-8      File No. 2-94358
                                                 and 33-43315

     Stock Option Plan of 1994
      of Wal-Mart Stores, Inc.     Form S-8      File No. 33-55235

     Debt Securities and Pass-
      Through Certificates of
      Wal-Mart Stores, Inc.        Form S-3      File No. 33-55725

     Directors Deferred Compensation
      Plan of Wal-Mart Stores,
      Inc.                         Form S-8      File No. 33-55178

     Debt Securities of Wal-Mart
      Stores, Inc.                 Form S-3      File No. 33-53125



                                               ERNST & YOUNG LLP

Tulsa, Oklahoma
April 21, 1995

                                               Exhibit 23

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-27
<SEQUENCE>5
<TEXT>

<TABLE> <S> <C>

<ARTICLE> 5
<MULTIPLIER> 1,000,000
       
<S>                             <C>
<PERIOD-TYPE>                   YEAR
<FISCAL-YEAR-END>                          JAN-31-1995
<PERIOD-END>                               JAN-31-1995
<CASH>                                              45
<SECURITIES>                                         0
<RECEIVABLES>                                      700
<ALLOWANCES>                                         0
<INVENTORY>                                     14,064
<CURRENT-ASSETS>                                15,338
<PP&E>                                          17,090
<DEPRECIATION>                                   2,782
<TOTAL-ASSETS>                                  32,819
<CURRENT-LIABILITIES>                            9,973
<BONDS>                                              0
<COMMON>                                           230
<PREFERRED-MANDATORY>                                0
<PREFERRED>                                          0
<OTHER-SE>                                      12,496
<TOTAL-LIABILITY-AND-EQUITY>                    32,819
<SALES>                                         82,496
<TOTAL-REVENUES>                                83,412
<CGS>                                           65,586
<TOTAL-COSTS>                                   79,150
<OTHER-EXPENSES>                                     0
<LOSS-PROVISION>                                     0
<INTEREST-EXPENSE>                                 706
<INCOME-PRETAX>                                  4,262
<INCOME-TAX>                                     1,581
<INCOME-CONTINUING>                              2,681
<DISCONTINUED>                                       0
<EXTRAORDINARY>                                      0
<CHANGES>                                            0
<NET-INCOME>                                     2,681
<EPS-PRIMARY>                                     1.17
<EPS-DILUTED>                                     1.17
        

</TABLE>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</IMS-DOCUMENT>
-----END PRIVACY-ENHANCED MESSAGE-----
